add quickstart instructions to readme (#1046)
debauchee/barrier: README.md

Communication. Everything we do is in the open. Our issue tracker will let you see if others are having the same problem you're having and will allow you to add additional information. You will also be able to see when progress is made and how the issue gets resolved.

### Usage

> Install and run barrier on each machine that will be sharing. On the machine with the keyboard and mouse, make it the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install and run barrier on each machine that will be sharing. Run the server on the machine whose keyboard and mouse you want to share and the client on all other machines.
```
